I propose
Break Qi Tian's dog leg
Throw it out
Big brother Qi Tian, listen
You've made people angry
You are not qualified to punish me
Qi Tian, do you know who these two are?
A group of good and evil
Lack of opinion
My Haicheng Business Refund Li's
Take control of Haicheng
Construction Industry
Asset industry
Are you qualified?
Not enough and me
The electronics industry that controls the dolphins
Also a member of the Chamber of Commerce
Assets tens of billions
Enough or not
You are so arrogant
Neither of these two is enough.
Do you have to talk about the vice president?
Or will President Liang come to chase you in person?
Why are you laughing?
You forgot yesterday
How did Liang Youwei warn your whole family?
Don't scare President Liang
He and your dad are just one side apart
And your dad is dead
He sold you last time.
That's a huge gift.
Does he not understand what it means to use human feelings thinner and thinner?
Whoever is wrong is a stinky dog food
Many people know President Liang
Can he handle them all?
This kind of person is as annoying as his poor relatives in the country
Don't pee and follow your own virtues
Since you don't believe it
I'll call Liang Yongwei now
Let him live and tell you in person